# Paper Introduction Rewrite #

[comment]: <> (For my first paper that targets a broad rather than a specialized audience, I chose the [Modeling Clinical Time Series Using Gaussian Process Sequences paper][1]. The reason I felt this is directed to a broad audience is that it defines a problem, presents several current solutions in the field, and then synthesizes them into its own solution. In this way, the paper assumes no knowledge of the current solutions/models and reads like a textbook. I rewrote the beginning of the introduction with the idea that the reader is familar with linear dynamical systems and gaussian processes and simply need to learn how their new model, a synethesis of these models, solves the domain-specific problems associated with clinical time series modeling. _Development of accurate models of clinical time series is extremely important for disease prediction and patient management (taken directly from the original paper).  Current solutions like linear dynamical systems (LDS) and gaussian processes (GP) are not sufficient alone due to domain-specific challenges. These challenges include non-linear trajectories, which the LDS  cannot model and variable length/irregularly sampled data, which the GP can have difficulties modeling. The primary difficulty the GP has is that the mean-function must be time invariant to account for the irregular sampling; however, this can result in poor accuracies on prediction because we are losing degrees of freedom with contant mean. We present a solution, the State-Space Gaussian Process (SSGP), which combines the LDS and GP into a flexible model capable of handling the dynamics of clinical time series data. The model divides the time space into windows, in which transitions between windows are modeled using the LDS, while intra-window modeling is handled by the emissions from the LDS and independently trained GPs._)


For my second paper that targets a specialized audience, I chose the [Inference of Population Structure Using Multilocus Genotype Data paper][2]. I rewrote the beginning of the introduction of the paper to broaden its focus towards the problem and lessen its focus on the biology or methods. 

_Understanding population structures is important in identifying evolutionary processes over time and how people have migrated and mixed. Also, modeling population structures allows individuals of unknown origin to uncover their ancestry. Naturally, scientists have attempted to uncover these population structures by sampling DNA from a set of individuals and then estimating parameters about the underlying populations. Then, using these parameters, specifically allele frequencies at different loci, scientists can estimate the likelihood of new individuals of unknown origins to any of the populations. However, there are a number of challenges associated with building such a model and learning its parameters. First, defining the populations that the sequenced individuals come from is difficult. Population definition is generally subjective based on phsyical or cultural characteristics, but there is little proof of consistencies of these observations with genetic information. Second, individuals can come from more than one population (i.e. mixed), so a hard assignment of population when learning is impractical and inaccurate. We propose a Bayesian clustering approach to this problem that assumes little about the populations of the sampled individuals and learns the population parameters and the assignments of individuals probabilistically._


[1]: https://people.cs.pitt.edu/~milos/research/sdm_zitao_2013.pdf
[2]: http://www.genetics.org/content/155/2/945
